CASMINST-4663 (#1824)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: upgrade/1.2/Stage_2.md

has been the "stable node" -- that is, the node from which the other nodes were upgraded. At this point, the
upgrade procedure pivots to use `ncn-m002` as the new "stable node", in order to allow the upgrade of `ncn-m001`.

1. If the CSM tarball is located on an `rbd` device, then remap that device to `ncn-m002`.

>     See [Move the `rbd` device to another node](../../operations/utility_storage/Alernate_Storage_Pools.md#move-the-rbd-device-to-another-node).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See [Move the `rbd` device to another node](../../operations/utility_storage/Alternate_Storage_Pools.md#move-the-rbd-device-to-another-node).
```

>     See [Move the `rbd` device to another node](../../operations/utility_storage/Alternate_Storage_Pools.md#move-the-rbd-device-to-another-node).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See [Move an `rbd` device to another node](../../operations/utility_storage/Alternate_Storage_Pools.md#move-an-rbd-device-to-another-node).
```

has been the "stable node" -- that is, the node from which the other nodes were upgraded. At this point, the
upgrade procedure pivots to use `ncn-m002` as the new "stable node", in order to allow the upgrade of `ncn-m001`.

> 1. If you are using and rbd device for the CSM tarball, then please see the procedure to move the device from `ncn-m001` to `ncn-m002` in the "Move the rbd device to another node" section [here](../../operations/utility_storage/alernate_storage_pools.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If the CSM tarball is located on an `rbd` device, then remap that device to `ncn-m002`.

    See [Move the `rbd` device to another node](../../operations/utility_storage/Alernate_Storage_Pools.md#move-the-rbd-device-to-another-node).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
